Wealth, fame, power...
Gold Roger, the king of the pirates,
obtained everything
the world had to offer.
His final words lured all sorts
of adventurers to the sea.
My treasure?
It's yours, if you can find it.
Everything is right where I left it!
Now pirates head for the Grand Line
in pursuit of their dreams!
The world has entered...
the Great Pirate Era!
The Dawn of {}an Adventure
Hey, Luffy! What're you up to this time?!
Monkey D. Luffy
A Village Boy
{I'm really serious! I'm so pissed!
I'm gonna prove it to you!}I’ve had it with you guys!
You’ll take me seriously after this!
{Yeah, do it! I don't know
what you're gonna do though!}Get on with it already!
Whatever it is you’re up to!
Ouch!
You idiot! What'd you do that for?!
Guys! A toast!
To Luffy's guts and {}to another successful voyage!
Uh, it didn't hurt one bit!
Liar. You can’t pull dumb stunts like that.
I'm not lying!
I'm not scared of getting hurt!
So, take me on your next voyage!
I wanna be a pirate too!
Like you'd ever make it as a pirate!
It's a fatal flaw for a pirate to be an anchor!
"Red-Haired" Shanks
A Pirate Captain
{I'll be okay as long as
I don't fall out of the ship!}Well, if I don't fall overboard, I'll be fine!
And besides, I'm a good fighter!
{I'm well-trained so my
punches are like pistols!}I've been training, so now my punch is like a pistol!
A pistol? Really?
Wanna say that again?!
Luffy!
What's eating you?
You gotta loosen up!
Yeah! Being a pirate is about having fun!
The sea is boundless!
There are tons of islands to explore!
It's all about freedom!
Guys, stop filling his head with crazy ideas.
But it's {}all true! Right?!
C'mon, Boss! Why not let him tag along sometime?
I'd second that.
Sure, but one of you’ll have to stay behind.
Good chat, kid! Let's drink!
Weren't you on my side?!
{In short, you're too much of a kid.
I'll consider it when you're 10 years older!}You're just too young, kid.
Maybe in ten years I'll give you a chance.
C'mon, Shanks! I'm not a little kid!
{Now, now. Don't get so mad.
Have some juice!}Hey now. Simmer down and have some juice.
Oh! Thanks!
– See! You are {}just a kid!
– That's a dirty trick, Shanks!
I'm so sick of this!
{Luffy, you gotta try
to understand how Boss feels.}Luffy, try to understand
where the boss is coming from.
First mate!
{There's no denying that he's
the head of a pirate group.}He's the head of a pirate crew, you see?
{He knows how tough and dangerous
being a pirate is more than anybody.}He knows the challenges and risks
that come with being a pirate.
You get it?
{It's not like
he wants to break your spirit.}He's not trying to crush your dream.
{No, I don't!
Shanks is just making fun of me!}No, I don't get it!
Shanks just likes making fun of me!
– Anchor!
– See?!
I see you're having fun as usual.
Yeah, I love teasing this kid.
Luffy, would you like something to eat too?
Yeah! Put it on my treasure tab!
{The treasure tab again?
That's fraud, you know?}Treasure tab? Sounds like a scam to me.
{No, it's not! Once I become a pirate
and find a treasure, I'll pay for it!}Is not!{I'm gonna become a pirate,
find lots of treasure, and pay her back!} I'll pay her back with
the treasure I find when I'm a pirate!
I'm counting on it.
Shanks.
What's up?
How much longer are you
gonna dock at this village?
Let's see... {We're gonna go
on a couple of voyages}After a couple more voyages...
we'll leave this village for good and head north.
A couple more voyages, huh?
Then I'll learn to swim before you leave!
Sure thing. Knock yourself out.
Pardon us.
{So these are "pirates."
Look pretty damn dumb.}So, these are pirates.
Looks like a sorry bunch to me.
We're mountain bandits.
But we ain't here to bust up the place.
We'd like some booze.
I'm sorry, sir. I just ran out of alcohol.
{These pirates seem to be drinking
something... What is it, water?}Then what are these pirates drinking? Water?
I'm afraid I served the last of it to them.
I'm real sorry.
Looks like we drank the whole place dry.
Our bad.
You can have this.
It hasn't been opened yet.
{Hey, you bastard!
Who do you think I am?}Is that a joke, wise guy?!
Just who do you take me for?
One bottle ain't even
enough for a nightcap!
It's all over the floor.
Take a look.
{There's an eight million belly
bounty on my head.}My head’s worth eight million belly.
I've killed fifty-six people.
All of ‘em comedians like you.
You'd better watch yourself.
We're mountain folk.
Stick to the sea; the land is our turf.
Sorry about the mess, Makino-san .
Do you have a rag?
No! Leave that to me!
Seems you like to clean.
Then maybe you'll find this more fulfilling.
Later, cowards!
Captain, are you all right?
Oh. No worries.
– Talk about lame, Boss!
– He got you good!
You think it's funny?!
That was pathetic!
Why didn't you fight back?!
{You're not men - or pirates -
if you laugh after something like that!}You can't call yourself a pirate or even a man
if you laugh after something like that!
I get where you're coming from,
but he only got some booze on me.
There's no need to get bent out of shape.
Hey, wait, Luffy.
I've had it!
I don't wanna be a coward like you!
His arm stretched!
He didn't...!
What's going on?!
– It's gone!
– What?!
The Rubber Rubber Fruit that
we stole from our enemy!
{Luffy, don't tell me you ate
a fruit like this!}Luffy, you didn't eat a fruit like this, did you?!
I-I did... It tasted funny.
That was the Rubber Rubber Fruit!
It's a rare treasure of the sea{}...
known as a devil fruit!
Eating it changes your body into rubber...
and {makes you lose the ability to
swim}makes you unable
to swim for the rest of your life! {made it slightly clearer he means the Devil Fruit causes the loss of ability to swim}
Eh?! No way!
You dumbass!
Gimme a fish, old fish shop guy!
Hey, Luffy! I heard {that you didn't
get to go on a voyage again}
they sailed off without you again!
I don't mind!
{Because I got to become a rubber man!
It's making me way happier than a voyage!}Becoming a rubber man is way cooler than
going on some dumb voyage.
It's been a while since {}the captain
and his crew set out to sea.
Don't you miss them?
Nope! I'm still mad at them!
I thought Shanks and the rest
were way awesome pirates!
Really? I think it's way more awesome...
{and laugh after someone
humiliates you like that.}if you can laugh after something like that.
Makino, you just don't get it.
{There are times that men
have to stand up and fight.}There are times when a man's gotta fight.
Maybe I don't get it.
Make way!
Doesn't sound like there're any pirates today, huh?
We were in the area,
so we decided to drop by.
Don't just stand there!
Get us {}some booze!
Mayor! I need your help!
What's wrong, Makino?
It's Luffy... and the mountain bandits...!
– Let go! Dammit!
– Weird body y'got here...
Apologize already!
– What kind of creature is he?
– You bastard!
Dammit! You're gonna pay!
He might fetch a good price.
How stubborn.
Brat!
Did I say something to offend you?
You did! Now apologize!
Get your foot off of me!
Leave that boy alone!
I beg you!
{I don't intend to fight with you!
If you allow it, I'll even pay you!}I have no intention of fighting you,
but I'm willing to pay.
Spare the boy's life!
Leave it to {}a senior citizen
to know the way of the world.
But no.
It's too late for that now.
After all, he pissed me off.
No...
{I'm irritated from being messed
with by this rubber squirt!}I've had it up to here with this rubber runt!
You started it! You mountain apes!
Forget selling him.
Let's just kill him!
– Luffy!
– Please! Let him go!
No one came to greet us at the port...
so I got worried.
– They're the mountain bandits from before.
– Captain!
Luffy!
I thought your punches
were as strong as pistols?
Shut up!
So you pirates are still here, huh?
You'd best leave before you get hurt.
Any closer and he'll blow
your head off, coward.
He said no closer!
Don't make me pull the trigger!
Since you've drawn your pistol,
you're willing to put your life on the line?
The hell're you talkin' about?
I'm saying those aren't for threats.
– N-Now you've done it!
– These bastards fight dirty!
Dirty?
Cut the crap.
You think you're dealing
with saints or something?
You're staring down a crew of pirates!
Shut up! {You got nothing to do
with this in the first place!}This is none of your damn business!
Listen, bandits.
It doesn't matter if I'm doused
with alcohol or {}covered in food,
most of the time I'll just laugh it off.
But...
I don't care what your reason is,
nobody hurts a friend of mine!
Shanks.
Nobody, huh?!
Lousy pirates! Kill 'em, men!
I'll handle this. Shouldn't be a problem.
Come on! Bring it!
That burns!
Don't get cocky, bandit.
{If you wanna fight us,
then go drag a warship here or something.}You'd better bring a battleship
if you wanna challenge us.
So strong!
Unbelievable.
Wait! The kid attacked us!
Aren't you a wanted man?
A smokescreen!
– Come with me, brat!
– Let me go! Let me go!
Luffy!
Crap! I let my guard down! Luffy's gone!
What do we do, guys?!
Quit freakin' the hell out, Boss!
It won't take us long to find them!
I can't believe this guy...
I made a clean getaway!
I got no use for you anymore!
You bastard!
Later!
Dammit! Dammit!
{Those guys are scum, but I couldn't
even hit them once!} I couldn't do a thing against
those scumbags! Dammit! Dammit!
You see the looks on those pirates' faces?!
Pirates are nothin' but cowards.
Cut that out!
{Stop making fun
of}Quit mocking Shanks and the others!
Calm down, Luffy!
Stop making fun of Shanks and the others!
Stupid kid.
Wh-What the hell?!
Help...!
It's gonna eat me!
Help!
Shanks...
Get lost!
I'm in your debt, Luffy...
Makino-san told me everything.
You stood up for us.
C'mon, don't cry! You're a man, right?
But... Shanks...!
Your arm!
It's only an arm. It's no big deal.
I'm just glad you're not hurt.
Luffy finally understood the reason
Shanks never took him on a voyage:
{the harshness of the sea,
his powerlessness,}the sea was harsh, and he was powerless.
But most importantly,
he discovered the man's greatness.
{He truly thought that he wanted to
become a man like him someday.}He aspired to be like him one day.
Shanks, you're not coming back?
Nah. {It was a long stay,
but now we part ways.}We were able to stay awhile,
but it's time to part ways.
Right. I'm not gonna ask you
to take me this time.
I've decided to become a pirate on my own!
I wasn't gonna take you anyway!
You'd never make it as a pirate!
I will!
{Someday, I'm gonna gather
a crew every bit as good as yours,}Someday, I'm gonna have
a crew better than yours,
and we'll find the world's greatest treasure,
then I'm gonna be king of the pirates!
Oh? You're gonna surpass us, huh?
In that case...
I'll leave this hat with you.
It's dear to me.
{Come bring it back to me someday!
Once you've become a great pirate!}Give it back to me someday,
once you've become a great pirate!
He's got quite a future.
Yeah. He reminds me of when I was a kid.
Set sail!
{Then a decade later, the boy's
adventure started at the same port.}Luffy's voyage would begin
ten years later from this very port. {TheFVguy: use "voyage" to reference Luffy's insistence on going on voyage with Shanks}
10 Years Later
Well, Mayor, he's finally off.
{It's a dishonor to the village
to become a pirate!}He's disgracing our village
by becoming a pirate!
What a nice day to set sail!
What the...?
Well if it isn't the Lord of the Coast!
You don't know who you're messing with.
{Look at this technique
I've been training for 10 years!}Here's a technique ten years in the making!
Rubber Rubber...
Pistol!
That'll teach ya, damn fish!
All right! Let's go!
I'm gonna be...
king of the pirates!
Editing:
Galaxy 9000
Timing:
KaitouYahiko
PhosCity
Quality Control:
Feeso,
Pepperjack,
TheFVguy,
Zenef
Soundtracking:
Halee
Graphics:
Datenshi
Translation:
Crunchyroll,
DemonRin
Special Thanks:
One Pace Team's
Best Canadian